# Documentation

## Classes

## RequestHost

This is the main class you need. Make sure before you use any function to define the UserAgent, as it is required to use the e621 API. Proper user agent form is `"<Application Name>/<Version> (Your Name)"`.

### Variables

`UserAgent`: Holds the user agent for the REST request. **Required**

`Username`: Holds a username for logging in, must also set the ApiKey .

`ApiKey`: Holds an ApiKey for logging in, must also set the Username.

`LastError`: Holds an *ErrorDetails* class that gives the details of any errors generated by a function.

### Functions

#### GetPosts(string Tags, int Limit , int Page)

Gets a list of posts.

`Tags`: The tags to look for when getting posts.

`Limit`: The amount of posts to get. Must be within 1 - 320. (Defaults to 75)

`Page`: The page of posts to grab. (Defaults to 1)

*Returns*: A list of the Post class

#### GetPosts(string Tags, char PaginationChar, int PostId, int Limit)

Gets a list of posts.

`Tags`: The tags to look for when getting posts.

`Limit`: The amount of posts to get. Must be within 1 - 320. (Defaults to 75)

`PaginationChar`: Must be either 'b' for before or 'a' for after.

`PostId`: The post Id to start at.

*Returns*: A list of the Post class

#### VotePost(int PostId, int Vote)

`PostId`: The id of the post to vote on.

`Vote`: The int to detonated if it should up vote or down vote. 1 for Up, -1 for Down.

*Returns*: The response from the server in the vote class. Contains success, total score, and the user's score.

#### SearchForTags(string Search, TagCategory Category, SortOrder Sort, bool HideEmpty, int Limit, int Page)

`Search`: